Mesh_3: Fix Documentation Glitches (#9283)
CGAL/cgal: Documentation/doc/Documentation/Third_party.txt

\suitesparse is a set of sparse-matrix-related packages written or co-authored by Tim Davis, available at <A HREF="https://github.com/DrTimothyAldenDavis/SuiteSparse">https://github.com/DrTimothyAldenDavis/SuiteSparse</A>.

> \suitesparse is used by the Orbifold Tutte Embedding and ARAP parametrization, i.e., in the \ref PkgSurfaceMeshParametrization package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\suitesparse is used by the Orbifold Tutte Embedding and ARAP parameterization, i.e., in the \ref PkgSurfaceMeshParameterization package.
```

Reviewer: @sloriot, 

Do you mean it is an error in doxygen and that `PkgSurfaceMeshParametrization` exists or that it is just a problem signaled in the overnight documentation build and that my proposed correction should be applied?
